monas-git-journey.md, before:

**10/3/2019**

The beginning of git journey. 
The goal is to become profiecent with GIT and it's functionality. 
Today I am created my first repo and setting it up for colaboration with Hacktoberfest. 

Very interensting day today. 
Could not get anything to work right, had to dealt and recreate my repo so may times. 
Github desktop is tell me that I have a dirty file, need to find out what that means 
 ##Goals to do by the end of Hacktoberfest  

 * [ ] learn to create labels 
 * [ ] get the configuration correct for working with multiple git accounts 
 * [ ] learn how to merge a pull request 
 * [ ] should I put this in the README.md so everyone can see 
 * [ ] learn one new GIT command today 
 * [ ] What is a dirty file?
 * [ ] Learn how to add images to Github
 * [ ] Learn how to do emoji's
 * [ ] Try for 4 PR's a day 
 
 
 ##ISSUES  
1. Need to figure out why even though I am logged in as codinggrandma using the codinggrandma credentials. 
2. I can not do a push to the repo from VScode, only from the Gitdesktop
3. I can not create a pull request from thenewmona account

**10/7/2019** thenewmona

Unfortunately I missed the mark this weekend.
Did not work on any of my goals that I set,

Commit message:

updated readme files
created image in git journey

monas-git-journey.md, after:

**10/3/2019**

The beginning of git journey. 
The goal is to become profiecent with GIT and it's functionality. 
Today I am created my first repo and setting it up for colaboration with Hacktoberfest. 

Very interensting day today. 
Could not get anything to work right, had to dealt and recreate my repo so may times. 
Github desktop is tell me that I have a dirty file, need to find out what that means 
 ##Goals to do by the end of Hacktoberfest  

 * [ ] learn to create labels 
 * [ ] get the configuration correct for working with multiple git accounts 
 * [ ] learn how to merge a pull request 
 * [ ] should I put this in the README.md so everyone can see 
 * [ ] learn one new GIT command today 
 * [ ] What is a dirty file?
 * [ ] Learn how to add images to Github
 * [ ] Learn how to do emoji's
 * [ ] Try for 4 PR's a day 
 
 
 ##ISSUES  
1. Need to figure out why even though I am logged in as codinggrandma using the codinggrandma credentials. 
2. I can not do a push to the repo from VScode, only from the Gitdesktop
3. I can not create a pull request from thenewmona account

**10/7/2019** thenewmona

Unfortunately I missed the mark this weekend.
Did not work on any of my goals that I set.
Following some recommendations from Stackoverflow, in regards to have .git file inside of the folders of the master, could be a reason why my folders are grayed out. 

Tried to remove the .git file animation nation.
I then created a branch ,created my folder, inside the folder I created my HTML boiler plate. 
I then did a commit with a pull request. 
Went into Github, and verified the PR, and then merged the PR. 
But the folder is still grayed out in Github. 

![grayed out folders issues](/git-practice-test/images/github-gray-folder.png)
